the comparisons are usually odious
however for some reason almost
intrinsic whenever any game
of karting no matter the franchise
company or quality is compared to
mario kart and to a certain extent is
understandable neighborhood car was the creator of
a genre a genre called karting and
many try to adopt some with
success and others thereby doing
in compulsive buyer states
sonicwall stars racing was acquired in
one of the many playstation stops
store at a price of 10 dollars a
true bargain if we consider the
hours of fun that has made me spend
this game developed by the company
digital juice in conjunction with sega in the
year 2012
the truth is that this game has everything
to make a party game a
variety of characters a large number of
Considering the possibility of modification of
our vehicles according to the stadium
require it and a fairly stable line
it is true that this title takes great
inspiration from another karting game
but this one will manage to come off in the
rest mainly because of the cool
I ask a question 4 mario titles
kart there and how many years already
repetition the market has certain
they are and many years too
experimenting in these last decades
his racing title caught the attention
for something and that something is called charisma
it's not that mario kart does not have it but
what we tried this title is
perfect as the years go by
adding one or another character and some
how many mechanical field that is
cover the sun with a finger
Mario faces but questioned the kind of
gameplay of this style for something follows
in effect until today but are and
I find it much more striking
Speed sensation is amazing and
is very well implemented when you go to
the maximum speed in the vast majority
of the cases you have a lot of control
on the vehicle this added to the great
detail of the transformations of
vehicles and scenarios make a
very colorful experience both at the level of
gameplay as visually
however the game also has its
failures is not to forget that sometimes the
game was moving and some characters from
that big can be a bit
unknown to certain people by
example about 40% of the characters
they were unknown to me but a great
most of me ended up liking and
Wanting to play their respective
titles is the case of ayai and friends the
which are from my favorite runners
the music is simply great all
work of the great Richard since one of the
greatest composers of that gas with
just say that up to the friends theme
I like it but out of this remix is
like that of actor vernon space harrier or
hydrate from shinobi are memorable to
Although they are the same they are racing
for the whole family the movistar and is
very difficult at the time of writing this
video I have 165 stars out of the 200 that
I need to launch the next level
Not to mention that I still have one
character to unlock even though
I've been with the title for three months now
when I sit down to enjoy a while
the ps3 storni that is the first option
special mention for the challenge called
traffic attack that reminds me
pretty the classic style of the games
of races where you must advance and
dodge all the cars in a while
determined
now the big question is tony austral
racing transformer better than mario falling
under my point of view yes and I repeat for
those of extending pillars under my point
sight even though as a game of
casting is not perfect other times what
have the best objects have something
that for me is much more faithful
advice since boy been a fan of the
company and for a long time
dreamed of a game where álex click and
sonic you were points and that they
Now they were running down a track
based on after burner one of my
favorite arcade titles is
simply great and worth even more
that the 10 dollars that you spend
have the opportunity to get it already
be for the old consoles
generation or for 6 do it over
all in the last option since having
a series of extra characters
exclusive
that has been my humble opinion I hope
read your comments about this great
ask a big greeting to all and we
we see for the next